[Music]
it's ruby and today
i have got another morning routine to
share with you this is the first morning
routine
i filmed in 2021 so i wake up between
six and seven
and that time just depends on how late i
stayed up reading the night before
you might know that i use an app called
alarmy to wake up so
basically i have to scan the barcode on
the back of this book
in order to turn off the alarm which is
great because it gets me out of bed but
i usually climb back into bed for like
five minutes and i will drink a large
glass of water
[Music]
also put on some lip balm i love the
balm dot
from glossier
[Music]
then i will climb out of bed and just do
a very
gentle stretch when i wake up because
i'm usually quite stiff after sleeping
that makes me sound like such an old
lady
[Music]
then i will go and brush my hair
so i do my hair first thing because my
hair has got really quite long
it's down past my waist now which is the
longest i think it's ever been so i will
put it up into a bun
[Music]
and then i will go and open up my
curtains
i love to just open the window and get a
breath of fresh air in the morning
it's recently started to get a bit
warmer which is lovely but there is
definitely still a nip in the air when i
wake up
and i love that cool freshness of winter
air
[Music]
so i've got into the habit of doing a
light yoga
flow in the morning too but i've got
into the habit of doing this every
morning just for like
five to ten minutes and i love how it
refreshes and wakes up my body
and i feel like i go into the day just
feeling more mindful
[Music]
then i will put on my lovely pink
dressing gown and go to the bathroom
i wash my face with cold water again to
wake myself up
this is so refreshing and it's a
substitute from the cold showers that i
was taking in the summer
i will also cleanse my face with the
glossier milky jelly cleanser which i'm
a big fan of
this is really gentle i have really
sensitive skin it's really hard to find
skin products which don't irritate my
skin
but this is pretty good
[Music]
then i will put in my contact lenses
oh and if you're wondering my glasses
are from blue bloom i always get loads
of questions about it it's a really
great ethical
glasses company next
i will brush my teeth and yes it's me
of course i'm breeding whilst brushing
my teeth at the moment i'm reading
norwegian wood
and then i will go and open up the
shutters in the bathroom since i'm
usually the first one up
[Music]
i head back into my room and make my bed
and then i will put on some makeup i use
this glossier moisturizer goodness
you're seeing a trend with the
products i use i'm also using the
collection concealer
and i love to put on the generation g
lipsticks as well from glossier
this one is in the shade cake
so after getting dressed i will head
downstairs and i will just bring down my
headphones so i can listen to music i've
recently been really into folk classical
music
it's a niche area that i have never come
across before and
it's just wonderful so i rinse out my
cup and fill it with cold water and i
will also put some ice in
with the water because i really love the
feeling of icy cold water it's just so
like it's so satisfying and refreshing
and i will usually drink a whole one of
these
then i will unstack the dishwasher
[Music]
and then it is time for breakfast which
is my favorite meal of the day
i've recently been really into cereal
bowls um
like mixing loads of cereals together in
a bowl i'm so boring my favorite cereal
is brown flakes i don't have a massive
sweet tooth
and i much prefer plain cereals but i
always top it off with some coconut milk
and also some yogurts and fruits and
things
i also get myself some tea of course so
i've got back into the habit of having
matcha every morning sieve the matcha
first to get rid of any clumps
and then i whisk the matcha in some
boiling water
and add some more boiling water to that
to top it up
and then before heading back upstairs i
will fill up a hot water bottle
i bring all of that up to my desk
and i like to eat my breakfast upstairs
mainly because it's quite cold
downstairs in the morning
and then i wrap up tight in my blanket
and
hot water bottle and enjoy my delicious
breakfast
whilst again you guessed it reading
then it's time to get started with work
i will light a candle
and then plan out my day
i use a combination of both
my academic planner and notion
then i got started on studying and i
like to complete my most daunting tasks
in the morning so today i read the first
draft of my essay
which i managed to do before 11 o'clock
which i was
very very pleased with because it was a
great
motivation boost for the rest of the day
so when i was finished i got ready for
my walk my muscles have been really sore
recently so i've
been using this tiger balm and putting
that on before my walks
and yeah put on some nice cozy walking
socks
grab a book which i like to put in my
pocket
and then i will bundle up so i am
already wearing a thermal vest
under my dress but i'm putting on a
microfiber fleece
and also a very thick nordic
jumper
and then to top it all off i have my
black duffle coat
this is actually my old school duffle
coat but it's the warmest coat i own
and so i've been wearing it a lot this
winter
[Music]
then i put on my wellies and head
outside
the snow drops all out at the moment
which is so so lovely to see because
snowdrops are definitely one of my
favorite flowers
i love these walks that i go on in the
morning because they
are really meditative i sometimes will
read some poetry but
mostly i'm just there appreciating and
enjoying nature
and living slowly which i think is so
important i find during the academic
year i'm always so busy
and i always have so much to do and when
i'm sat at my desk it always just seems
like there's so much
and yet taking this hour out every
single morning
is a chance for me to switch off and
re-prioritize and really
think about the things that are
important in life let me know if you'd
like to see more slow living content as
well because
it's something i'm really interested to
share with you
[Music]
oh
do
[Music]
when i get back i will have my
wheatgrass shot i have one of these
every morning
and then it's back up to my desk i
always get myself another
steaming mug of tea usually a milky or
gray
which is just nice and warming on the
hands and
whilst i'm drinking that i will write
for about half an hour to
an hour um i like to make time for
writing every day when i can
just because for me writing is really
important and i really enjoy writing
and i want to make sure that i'm making
time for that every day because it is
something i personally really prioritize
so
anyway thank you so much for watching
this video i hope that you enjoyed it
and
i hope that you have a productive week
you